[Music]
there's not a week that goes by that I
don't get an email a phone call from a
random person who wants advice on how to
enter the nonprofit sector you know to
have a career in the nonprofit sector
because they think it's where they can
find the most fulfillment and this is
really inspiring to see so many people
from young people to mid-career
professionals to even retired
professionals wanting to go into the
social impact space because they they
are convinced that this is where they
would find the most fulfillment but you
know the reverse can be true as well
because burnout in the nonprofit sector
is a very real thing in fact there I
once had a conversation with a group of
monastics from the group of technicon
who said that the people who visit their
their monastery in France to take some
time off on a retreat are mostly coming
from the nonprofit sector because they
become so burnt-out
they become so disillusioned they become
just so fatigued by the causes the
non-stop activity that it's required of
them but I have also encountered so many
people who I mean they barely make a
living and their the way they make their
living exposes them to the most
miserable conditions on the planet where
there's there's abuse there's war there
is hunger there's poverty and there's
not even a comfortable place to sleep
and what is it what is it about these
people that that keep what is it that
keeps them happy regardless and there
are a few things that I learned this is
among the people who actually choose to
be in the nonprofit sector one is that
they have a life outside of their work
you know they do not associate
themselves with the cost they are not
the costs so they actually have an
identity outside of their work and they
treat it as a job like any other the
other thing I saw in these people is
that they think win-win you know when
you're in the
when you're in a situation where you're
constantly asking people for help
you're constantly fundraising you're
constantly asking for support you know
to sign this petition to donate to this
cause it then you you start to feel that
you're in a position of need all the
time and that's wrong because that could
make you feel really depleted what I saw
in these people is that they may see
themselves as having something to offer
all the time so they don't see
themselves as the needy one in every
situation they actually see themselves
as able to give something give something
in return and that empowers them in a
conversation the other thing I noticed
about people who are working in very
very miserable situations but
nevertheless find so much fulfillment is
that they are they find strength in a
group they never do it alone and they
don't have what I call the founder
syndrome sometimes when you're too close
to the say the nonprofit that you
started or the cause that your your name
stands for then it becomes your it
becomes your identity and it becomes too
too closely entangled with every single
thing about your life but no the people
I learned who who maintain a healthy
balance are those who are able to take a
step back and still enjoy things outside
of their work
you
[Music]